Add containerized docs (#7251)
DataDog/integrations-core: sqlserver/README.md

      connection_string: "Trusted_Connection=yes"
      ```

> 2. [Restart the Agent][7] to start sending SQL Server metrics to Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [Restart the Agent][7].
```

##### Linux

Extra configuration steps are required to get the SQL Server integration running on a Linux host:

> 1. Install an ODBC SQL Server Driver, for example the [Microsoft ODBC Driver][10].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install an ODBC SQL Server driver, for example the [Microsoft ODBC driver][10].
```

2. Copy the `odbc.ini` and `odbcinst.ini` files into the `/opt/datadog-agent/embedded/etc` folder.

> 3. Configure the `conf.yaml` file to use the `odbc` connector and specify the proper driver as specified in the `odbcinst.ini file`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Configure the `conf.yaml` file to use the `odbc` connector and specify the proper driver as indicated in the `odbcinst.ini file`.
```

See [Datadog's documentation][9] for additional information on how to configure the Agent for log collection in Kubernetes environments.

#### Containerized

For containerized environments, see the [Autodiscovery Integration Templates][22] for guidance on applying the parameters below.

##### Metric collection

| Parameter            | Value                                                                                                                            |
| -------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `<INTEGRATION_NAME>` | `sqlserver`                                                                                                                      |
| `<INIT_CONFIG>`      | blank or `{}`                                                                                                                    |
| `<INSTANCE_CONFIG>`  | `{"host": "%%host%%,%%port%%", "username": "datadog", "password": "<UNIQUEPASSWORD>", "connector": "odbc", "driver": "FreeTDS"}` |

> See the [Autodiscovery template variables documentation][23] to learn how to pass `<UNIQUEPASSWORD>` as an Environment variable instead of a label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Autodiscovery template variables][23] for details on passing `<UNIQUEPASSWORD>` as an environment variable instead of a label.
```

##### Log collection

_Available for Agent versions >6.0_

> Collecting logs is disabled by default in the Datadog Agent. To enable it, see [Kubernetes log collection documentation][24].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Collecting logs is disabled by default in the Datadog Agent. To enable it, see [Kubernetes log collection][24].
```
